---
title: 2010 to 2015
permalink: /global-ip-hub/our-sips-journey/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Our SIPS Journey
---
<h2><strong>Building A Blossoming Hub – 2010 to 2015</strong></h2>
<h4><strong>2015</strong></h4>
<p><strong>IP Legal Clinic launched and IPOS’ patent S&amp;E capabilities recognised</strong>
</p>
<p>Enterprises were able to obtain preliminary advice from qualified legal
practitioners. IPOS’ patent search and examination capabilities attained
ISO 9001:2015.</p>
<h4><strong>2014</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Singapore’s IP expertise is globally recognised</strong>
</p>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<th rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>IPOS joined the Global Patent Prosecution Highway (GPPH) network and became
a participating office of the GPPH pilot programme.</p>
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>IPOS was appointed as ASEAN’s first International Searching Authority
(ISA) / International Preliminary Examining Authority (IPEA) under the
WIPO Patent Cooperation Treaty.</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Specialist panel of IP arbitrators was appointed at the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<h4><strong>2013</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Launch of IP Hub Master Plan</strong>
</p>
<p>At the heart of the blueprint was strategies to chart Singapore’s progress
towards becoming a global IP hub in Asia. The Master Plan had three main
pillars – to establish Singapore as (1) a Hub for IP Transactions and Management;
(2) a Hub for Quality IP Filings, and (3) a Hub for IP Dispute Resolution.</p>
<h4><strong>2012</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Inaugural Global IP Conference – IP Week @ SG</strong>
</p>
<p>IPOS’ first flagship event in July 2012 brought together over 500 local
and foreign delegates from the international IP community. The annual event
has grown from strength to strength since, becoming a renowned global IP
conference that sees thousands of participants from around the world.</p>
<h4><strong>2010</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Singapore becomes home to WIPO Arbitration and Mediation Center’s first and only office outside of WIPO’s headquarters in Geneva</strong>
</p>
<p>The Singapore Office was set up to promote regional alternative IP dispute
resolution procedures (ADR), such as mediation and arbitration. WIPO Center
offers procedural dispute resolution guidance on dispute resolution clauses,
provides training, and facilitates hearings in cases involving parties
from the region under the WIPO Rules.</p>
<p></p>