---
title: 2016 to 2020
permalink: /global-ip-hub/our-sips-journey/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Our SIPS Journey
---
<h3>Strengthening Singapore’s IP Ecosystem – 2016 to 2020</h3>
<h4>2020</h4>
<p>More pilot programmes launched to support enterprise growth</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Launched the Intangible Disclosure Evaluation and Audit Scheme (IDEAS)
pilot programme to help companies identify and communicate the value of
their intangible assets (IA).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>SG IP Fast Track programme was introduced to accelerate the registration
of patents and related trade marks and registered designs.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<th rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>2020: More pilot programmes launched to support enterprise growth</p>
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>Launched the Intangible Disclosure Evaluation and Audit Scheme (IDEAS)
pilot programme to help companies identify and communicate the value of
their intangible assets (IA).</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td rowspan="1" colspan="1">
<p>SG IP Fast Track programme was introduced to accelerate the registration
of patents and related trade marks and registered designs.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<h4>2019</h4>
<p>Unveiling world’s first trade mark registration app and more</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>IPOS launched IPOS Go Mobile, the first mobile app in the world that allows
businesses to apply for trade marks in less than 10 minutes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The IP Mediation Promotion Scheme was enhanced with funding support for
mediation-related agent fees.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>IPOS International was launched, bringing together more than 100 IP experts
to support businesses in IP strategy and management, patent search and
analytics, and IP education and training.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The first national-level Skills Framework for the IP sector was introduced
to raise the overall competencies of IP professionals.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>2017</p>
<p>Update of the IP Hub Master Plan</p>
<p>The IP Hub Master Plan was updated to support the Committee on the Future
Economy (CFE)’s recommendations for Singapore’s growth in the next decade.
The Update contained three areas of recommendations, (1) Grow the local
pool of</p>
<p>IP expertise to help enterprises manage and commercialise their IP; (2)
Enhance Singapore’s IP and innovation ecosystem; and (3) Create an effective
marketplace for IP.</p>